Research/scientific computing team meetup
=========================================

About the event
---------------

This meetup is targeted towards people in local Scientific Computing
(SciComp)/Research computing/Research Software Engineer support teams,
for example university local HPC teams.  We work in local capacity and
are often overshadowed by the big national e-infrastructure providers
(CSC, EuroHPC, etc) in attention and funding, yet we are the ones "on
the ground" with the researchers.  What's our place in the world?

We have our own unique challenges and opportunities.  This is a time
we can talk together and learn from each other.  (Others are of course
welcome.)  Maybe we can make a strategy for working together or
getting some national funding?


Who should join?
----------------

For example, many of the teams that were part of the old Finnish Grid
Infrastructure at univerities or local partners of the CodeRefinery
collaboration.  Really, if you work with Aalto Scientific Computing
you are strongly invited and we'll have some fun discussions.  If you
don't, you are invited anyway.

We especially welcome people who support academic research through
computing and data expertise in universities and research
institutions, for example those in local HPC or RSE teams, cloud
computing, and other computing services for researchers. But everyone
is welcome: including Academic researchers, data managers, open
science experts and anyone interested in these topics.


Program ideas
-------------

We can especially talk about:

* Local resources and teams in a time when computing is becoming more
  centralized.
* Local services we run, how they compare to national services.
* Advantages and disadvantages of being positioned locally.
* What types of infrastructure funding we could apply for to increase
  our benefit or make (inter-)national collaborations. (Dedicated
  session: Wednesday afternoon)


Organizers
----------

Richard Darst (richard.darst atsign aalto.fi) is organizing this half.
